add information about what is set up after each step (#113)
magicaks/magicaks: setup.md

   source .env
   ```

> After this section you should have the following resources:
> 
> * a **magicaksadmins** Azure AD group
> * a **magicaks-terraform** Service Principal for provisioning resources
> * a **magicaks-grafana** Service Principal for operating Grafana
> * azure storage for terraform state
>   * Resource group: **rg-terraform-state**
>     * Storage account: **tfstate[random]**
>       * Container: **tfstate**
> * environment variables set - for running the terraform scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this section you should have the following resources created:

* Azure AD group called `magicaksadmins`
* Service principal, `magicaks-terraform`, for provisioning resources
* Service principal, `magicaks-grafana`, for operating Grafana
* Azure storage for Terraform state
  * Resource group: `rg-terraform-state`
    * Storage account: `tfstate[random]`
      * Storage container: `tfstate`
* Environment variables set for running the Terraform scripts
```

Reviewer: The emphasis (bold style) on the names of the resources does not make sense to me. I see this is the pattern in other changes too. My personal preference would be to as in my suggestion.

After provisioning the resources take note of the Terraform output variables, you will be using them in upcoming steps.

After this section you should have the following resources: [given the resource_group_name **rg-magicaks-shared** and the resource_suffix: **magic123**]

* Resource group: **rg-magicaks-shared**
  * Container registry: **acrmagic123**
  * Firewall: **fwmagic123**
  * Key vault: **kv-magic123**
  * Public IP (for firewall): **pip-firewall**
  * Route table (for firewall and internet): **subnet-route-table**
  * Virtual network: **vnet-magicaks**
    * Subnet (for kubernetes): **snet-k8s**
    * Subnet (for container instances): **snet-aci**

>     * Subnet: **snet-adhoc**

Author: Note: I don't know what this subnet is used for

Reviewer 2: @sachinkundu is it safe to remove the adhoc subnet?

Reviewer 3: no its used for example to add bastion box

    terraform apply
    ```

After this section you should have the following resources: [given the the default git repository names]

* Kubernetes namespace: **flux-admin**
  * Helm Release: **flux-admin** for repository **k8smanifests**
* Kubernetes namespace: **flux-workloads**
  * Help Release: **flux-workloads** for repository **k8sworkloads**
* Resource group (created in previous step): **rg-mycluster**
  * Service bus namespace: **aks-mycluster-servicebus**

> * Key vault secrets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Key Vault secrets:
```
